Update Set-MpPreference.md (#3300)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2016-ps/defender/Set-MpPreference.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowSwitchToAsyncInspection

> Specifies whether to enable a performance optimization that allows synchronously inspected network flows to switch to async inspection once they've been checked and validated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies whether to enable a performance optimization that allows synchronously inspected network flows to switch to async inspection once they have been checked and validated.
```
